
We've updated our Privacy and Cookies PolicyWe've made some important changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy and we want you to know what this means for you and your data.
OK
Find out what's changed
BBC
Accessibility links
Accessibility Help
Sign in
BBC navigation
Home
News
Sport
Weather
Shop
Earth
Travel
Capital
More
Search the BBC
Search
Search the BBC
Welcome to BBC.comFriday, 19 October
A Trukish forensic officer waits outside the Saudi Arabian consulate in Istanbul 17 October 2018
Police in Khashoggi case 'search forest'
Turkish officials believe the Saudi journalist's body may have been disposed of outside Istanbul.

MIDDLE EAST
Police in Khashoggi case 'search forest'
Tourists walk by the "Sagrada Familia" basilica in Barcelona
Sagrada Familia to pay Barcelona $41m
EUROPE
Sagrada Familia to pay Barcelona $41m
A photo posted to Lucy Wieland's Instagram account
Australian woman 'faked cancer for cash'
AUSTRALIA
Australian woman 'faked cancer for cash'
Double Olympic champion Ed Moses
Moses told to 'shut up' at Wada meeting
SPORT
Moses told to 'shut up' at Wada meeting
View of Santo Stefano di Sessanio, Italy
Italy’s ghost towns frozen in time
TRAVEL
Italy’s ghost towns frozen in time
ADVERTISEMENT

News
A man holds his son outside a toy store in China
China grows at slowest pace since 2009
Growth in the world's second-largest economy cooled as Beijing battles rising financial threats.

BUSINESS China grows at slowest pace since 2009
Meng Hongwei
Ex-Interpol chief's wife 'not sure he's alive'
Grace Meng says "cruel" China is persecuting him – and that she's now a target – in her first UK media interview.

WORLD Ex-Interpol chief's wife 'not sure he's alive'
Harry and Meghan at Bondi Beach
Harry and Meghan go barefoot on Bondi Beach
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex kick off their shoes during an official visit to the Sydney landmark.

UK Harry and Meghan go barefoot on Bondi Beach
Sport
Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso
Hamilton in all-time top five - Alonso
Four-time world champion Lewis Hamilton is one of the five greatest champions in Formula 1 history, says Fernando Alonso.

FORMULA 1 Hamilton in all-time top five - Alonso
Boston Red Sox celebrate after winning the American League pennant
Red Sox secure World Series berth
The Boston Red Sox defeat the Houston Astros to advance to the World Series for the first time since 2013.

SPORT Red Sox secure World Series berth
Jose Mourinho
Would sacking Mourinho be justified?
The last Premier League weekend was dominated by talk Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho was about to lose his job - but would it be justified?

FOOTBALL Would sacking Mourinho be justified?
ADVERTISEMENT

BBC Reel: Look beyond your world
A dog (Credit: BBC)
The strangest world of pet pampering?
Their owners frequently spend thousands on special treatments

REEL The strangest world of pet pampering?
Vicuna wool
The rarest fabric on Earth
It is some of the most expensive material there is

REEL The rarest fabric on Earth
The spectacular house that tilts and turns
The spectacular house that tilts and turns
This futuristic solar-powered home tracks the Sun like a sunflower

REEL The spectacular house that tilts and turns
LONDON WEATHER EDIT Sunny
FRI
16°C

7°C

 Sunny Intervals
SAT
17°C

8°C

 Sunny Intervals
SUN
17°C

8°C

 Sunny Intervals
MON
13°C

7°C

Editor’s Picks
This short exercise can reduce stress and enhance your long-term well-being
How to boost happiness in 10 minutes
This short exercise can reduce stress and enhance your long-term well-being

FUTURE
How to boost happiness in 10 minutes
‘The goal towards which your words adamantly move’
The single most valuable writing skill
‘The goal towards which your words adamantly move’

CAPITAL The single most valuable writing skill
Credit: DesignArt Tokyo
The rebirth of Japanese design
The work of emerging designers shows a bold evolution in the national aesthetic

DESIGNED The rebirth of Japanese design
Edward Burtynsky's images show ‘the indelible marks left by humankind’
Striking photos of human scars on Earth
Edward Burtynsky's images show ‘the indelible marks left by humankind’

CULTURE Striking photos of human scars on Earth
It helped them survive the atrocities of the Holocaust
The Bosnians who speak medieval Spanish
It helped them survive the atrocities of the Holocaust

TRAVEL The Bosnians who speak medieval Spanish
Killing for conservation
The conservation plan with a focus on killing
The initiative aims to eradicate the entire population of invasive predators

EARTH The conservation plan with a focus on killing
Diane Reeve and Philippe Padieu
My boyfriend gave me HIV - here's how I got justice
When Diane Reeve discovered that her partner was sleeping around she ended their relationship, but...

STORIES My boyfriend gave me HIV - here's how I got justice
LATEST BUSINESS NEWS
1No-deal Brexit 'could hit food supplies'
2Business Live: Pendragon warning
3Firms defy pressure over Saudi summit
4Budget airline Cobalt suspends operations
5Trump to pull US out of postal treaty
GLOBAL EDUCATION
Harvard law case
BUSINESS
Harvard - should race count in university admissions?
Harvard - should race count in university admissions?
TECHNOLOGY OF BUSINESS
Chip pan next to smoky cargo ship
BUSINESS
Could chip fat help dirty shipping clean up its act?
Could chip fat help dirty shipping clean up its act?
Featured video

Net
'Hacked' mosquitoes to be released in village
The genetically modified insects are part of a project which aims to tackle malaria in Africa.

AFRICA
'Hacked' mosquitoes to be released in village
Recommended
Most Watched
Latest
BBC WORLD SERVICE
ON AIR: BBC News
More from around the BBC
U2 perform The Blackout
How U2's tech changes concerts forever
The band's groundbreaking stage show is designed to ensure everyone has a front-row seat.

ENTERTAINMENT & ARTS
How U2's tech changes concerts forever
A video wall
Facebook in fresh video metrics row
Legal action brought by advertisers claims the social network knew about problems in metrics in...

TECHNOLOGY Facebook in fresh video metrics row
piranha
Earliest piranha-like fish found
A 150-million-year-old, sharp-toothed fossil is believed to be the world's oldest piranha-like...

SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT Earliest piranha-like fish found
US and China bank notes
US: China 'not a currency manipulator'
The US Treasury held back from blaming Beijing for holding down the value of China's currency.

BUSINESS US: China 'not a currency manipulator'
Scottish baby box
Baby box safety doubts raised by experts
They say babies should only sleep in them temporarily, with cots and Moses baskets thought to be...

HEALTH Baby box safety doubts raised by experts
The KY-01L phone
Tiny companion phone released in Japan
The mobile is designed as a companion device for those who already own bigger smartphones.

TECHNOLOGY Tiny companion phone released in Japan
Ara Guler during a photo project in Istanbul on October 30, 2015
'Eye of Istanbul' Ara Guler dies at 90
The famous photojournalist chronicled the changing face of Turkey and photographed many celebrities.

EUROPE 'Eye of Istanbul' Ara Guler dies at 90
FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS

British tech giant in Khashoggi dilemma
By Rory Cellan-Jones

Why is Germany beefing up its military?
By Jonathan Marcus

Are delaying tactics the answer for May?
By Laura Kuenssberg

'White supremacists forced me to quit my job'
By Anthony Zurcher

Scientists create lab-grown food pipe
By Fergus Walsh

Facebook makes UK political ads 'transparent'
By Rory Cellan-Jones

Is this Donald Trump's best month yet?
By Nick Bryant

Berlin's view of the 'Brexit breakdown'
By Katya Adler
FUTURE OF WORK
(Credit: Getty Images)
Why gene editing may bring so many jobs
CAPITAL
Why gene editing may bring so many jobs
ADVERTISEMENT

THE BOSS
Charlie MacGregor at the beach in Lesbos
'The lucky ones were often terrorised'
BUSINESS
'The lucky ones were often terrorised'
World in pictures
Blue Peter presenters Peter Purves, Valerie Singleton and John Noake
In pictures: Blue Peter turns 60
IN PICTURES
In pictures: Blue Peter turns 60
Ice Spikes, Glencoe, Scotland
Glencoe photo wins top prize in Landscape Photographer of the Year awards
IN PICTURES
Glencoe photo wins top prize in Landscape Photographer of the Year awards
A rider on a bike closer to the sea
Cornwall teen 'shocked' by photo prize win
NEWSBEAT Cornwall teen 'shocked' by photo prize win
BERKELEY, CA - OCTOBER 13: The California Golden Bears run out on to the field for their game against the UCLA Bruins at California Memorial Stadium on October 13, 2018 in Berkeley, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)
World sport: 10 photos we liked this week
SPORT World sport: 10 photos we liked this week
Leopard Gecko
Striking nature patterns win photo awards
IN PICTURES Striking nature patterns win photo awards
BBC IN OTHER LANGUAGES
Russian
Избежать стрельбы в школах. Какие меры принимали российские власти?

Spanish
"Compremos una soga y nos tiramos del puente", la desesperación de los migrantes que arriesgan la vida en la frontera entre El Salvador y Honduras

Persian
وزارت داخله افغانستان کشته شدن والی قندهار را تکذیب کرد

Portuguese
Haddad vai à igreja e Bolsonaro abraça Nordeste: as novas estratégias da reta final nas redes

More Languages
Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz Кыргыз Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Portuguese BRASIL Russian НА РУССКОМ Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil தமிழ் Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT
Explore the BBC
Home
News
Sport
Weather
Shop
Earth
Travel
Capital
Culture
Autos
Future
TV
Radio
CBBC
CBeebies
Food
iWonder
Bitesize
Music
Arts
Make It Digital
Taster
Nature
Local
Desktop Site
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Advertise with us
Ad choices
Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

